
[default]
save_search_field= gs
add_view=ga
bookmark= BB
bookmarks= Bs
bookmarks_nv=gB
bookmarks_nw=wB
buffers= xb
only= D
remove_view=d
entry_history_back=Control k
entry_history_forward=Control j
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_word=Control w
entry_word_back=Control b
entry_word_forward=Control f
complete_bookmarks=Control B
complete_history=Control H
complete_commands=Control I
complete_current_history=Control C
complete_path=Control p
complete_searchengines=Control S
complete_userscript=Control U
allow_cookie= CC
hint_mode_clipboard=;y
hint_mode_primary=;Y
decrease_master=gh
hint_mode_download=;d
download_set_execute=Control x
command_mode= :
execute_userscript= eu
find_backward= ?
find_forward= /
find_next= n
find_previous= N
focus_input= gi
focus_next= s
focus_nth_view=
focus_prev= a
hint_mode_editable=;e
hint_mode=f
hint_mode_nv=F
hint_mode_nw=wf
hint_mode_images=;i
hint_mode_images_nv=;I
hint_mode_links=;;
history_back= h
history_forward= l
increase_master=gl
insert_mode= i
show_keys= 
load_html= 
load_html_nv=
new_view=V
new_window=W
open_editor=Control e
open_quickmark=b
open_quickmark_nv=B
open_quickmark_nw=wb
open_start_page=Control h
web_inspector= 
paste= pp
paste_nv=Pp
paste_nw=wp
paste_primary= pP
paste_primary_nw=wP
paste_primary_nv=PP
pass_through=Control i
print=Control Shift p
protect= 
push_master=
quit=Control q
reload= r
reload_bypass_cache= Rx
reload_scripts=
save= Sf
save_session= ZZ
save_named_session= gZZ
save_quickmark= Qm
scroll_down= j
scroll_right= 
scroll_left= 
scroll_page_down=Control f
scroll_page_up=Control b
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_bottom= G
scroll_percent=%
scroll_top= gg
scroll_up= k
set_key= 
set_setting= 
scripts=
spell_checking=
show_settings= Ss
stop_loading=Control St
toggle_adblocker=Control a
autoload_images=
autoresize_window=
toggle_plugins_host_tmp= 
toggle_scripts_host= 
toggle_scripts_host_tmp= 
toggle_scripts_uri= 
toggle_plugins_uri_tmp= 
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp= 
toggle_bottomstack=Tb
caret_browsing=
fullscreen= 
toggle_hidden_files= g.
java_applets=
toggle_maximized=gm
toggle_plugins_host= 
toggle_plugins_uri= 
plugins=
presentation_mode= 
private_browsing=
proxy=Control p
toggle_bars= 
toggle_bottombar=xb
toggle_topbar=xt
undo= u
view_source= 
yank_title= yt
yank_title_primary= yT
yank= yy
yank_primary= yY
zoom_in= zi
zoom_out= zo
zoom_normal=z=
hint_mode_url=;o
hint_mode_url_nv=;O
Open=O
open= o
Open_nv=gO
open_nv=n
Open_nw=wO
open_nw=wo

#history_back_nv= th
history_back_nw=wh
#history_forward_nv= tl
history_forward_nw=wl
lock_domain= 
lock_uri= 

history_back_nv=th
history_forward_nv=tl

entry_delete_line_end=Control e
entry_delete_word_forward=Control e
allow_session_cookie_tmp= CT
allow_session_cookie= CS
hint_mode_rapid_nw=;R
hint_mode_rapid=;r
visible= 

execute_javascript= 
set= 
toggle_setting= 
zoom= =

tab_new=Control t
close_tab= d
entry_escape=Control c
entry_confirm=Control g
hints_clipboard= ;y
hints_primary= ;Y
hints_download= ;d
focus_tab= 
hints_editable= ;e
hints= f
hints_tab= ;b
hints_win= wf
hints_images= ;i
hints_images_tab= ;I
hints_links= ;;
win_hist_back= 
tab_hist_back= 
win_hist_forward= 
tab_hist_forward= 
load_html_tab= 
quickmark= go
tab_quickmark= gn
win_quickmark= 
start_page=Control h
tab_paste= Pp
win_paste= 
win_paste_primary= 
tab_paste_primary= PP
hints_rapid_win= ;R
hints_rapid= ;r
toggle_statusbar= 
toggle_tabbar= 
hints_url= ;o
hints_url_tab= ;O
new_tab= V
new_win= W
open_url= O
tab_bookmarks= Bt
tabopen_url= xoO
tabopen= t
win_bookmarks= 
winopen_url= xom
winopen= xol

tab_move_right= 
tab_move_left= 
tab_move= 
reload_userscripts= 

show_bookmarks= Sb
show_downloads= Sd
show_quickmarks= Sq
show_history= Sh

cancel_download= DD
clear_tab= 

find_backward_ic= c?
find_forward_ic= c/
normal_mode=Control n
local_set= 
set_local_setting= 
toggle_local_setting= 
dump= 
hints_background= F
hints_images_background= .i
hints_url_background= .o
backopen_url= xp
backopen= xoo

sanitize= 

download= 
eval= 
toggle_tab= @Delete@

reload_bookmarks= 
reload_quickmarks= 

print_preview= 

tabdo= 

visual_mode= v

adblock_reload_rules= 

entry_delete_active=Control d
tabgrep= 
jump= '
mark= `
repeat= .
hints_selector= 

[-p]
save_search_field=gs
add_view=ga
bookmark=M
bookmarks=gb
bookmarks_nv=gB
bookmarks_nw=wB
buffers=gt
only=co
remove_view=d
entry_history_back=Control k
entry_history_forward=Control j
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_word=Control w
entry_word_back=Control b
entry_word_forward=Control f
complete_bookmarks=Control B
complete_history=Control H
complete_commands=Control I
complete_current_history=Control C
complete_path=Control p
complete_searchengines=Control S
complete_userscript=Control U
allow_cookie=CC
hint_mode_clipboard=;y
hint_mode_primary=;Y
decrease_master=gh
hint_mode_download=;d
download_set_execute=Control x
command_mode=:
execute_userscript=eu
find_backward=?
find_forward=/
find_next=n
find_previous=N
focus_input=gi
focus_next=J
focus_nth_view=T
focus_prev=K
hint_mode_editable=;e
hint_mode=f
hint_mode_nv=F
hint_mode_nw=wf
hint_mode_images=;i
hint_mode_images_nv=;I
hint_mode_links=;;
history_back=H
history_forward=L
increase_master=gl
insert_mode=i
show_keys=Sk
load_html=
load_html_nv=
new_view=V
new_window=W
open_editor=Control e
open_quickmark=b
open_quickmark_nv=B
open_quickmark_nw=wb
open_start_page=Control h
web_inspector=wi
paste=pp
paste_nv=Pp
paste_nw=wp
paste_primary=pP
paste_primary_nw=wP
paste_primary_nv=PP
pass_through=Control i
print=Control Mod1 p
protect=Control P
push_master=gp
quit=Control q
reload=r
reload_bypass_cache=R
reload_scripts=
save=SF
save_session=ZZ
save_named_session=gZZ
save_quickmark=m
scroll_down=j
scroll_right=l
scroll_left=h
scroll_page_down=Control f
scroll_page_up=Control b
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_bottom=G
scroll_percent=%
scroll_top=gg
scroll_up=k
set_key=sk
set_setting=ss
scripts=
spell_checking=
show_settings=Ss
stop_loading=Control ST
toggle_adblocker=Control a
autoload_images=
autoresize_window=
toggle_plugins_host_tmp=pth
toggle_scripts_host=Tsh
toggle_scripts_host_tmp=Tth
toggle_scripts_uri=Tsu
toggle_plugins_uri_tmp=ptu
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp=Ttu
toggle_bottomstack=tb
caret_browsing=
fullscreen=Control F11
toggle_hidden_files=g.
java_applets=
toggle_maximized=gm
toggle_plugins_host=ph
toggle_plugins_uri=pu
plugins=
presentation_mode=Control F12
private_browsing=
proxy=Control p
toggle_bars=xx
toggle_bottombar=xb
toggle_topbar=xt
undo=u
view_source=gf
yank_title=yt
yank_title_primary=yT
yank=yy
yank_primary=yY
zoom_in=zi
zoom_out=zo
zoom_normal=z=
hint_mode_url=;o
hint_mode_url_nv=;O
Open=go
open=o
Open_nv=gO
open_nv=O
Open_nw=wO
open_nw=wo

entry_history_forward=Up
entry_history_back=Down

[clean_profile]
save_search_field=gs
tab_new=ga
allow_session_cookie_tmp=CT
allow_cookie=CC
allow_session_cookie=CS
bookmark=M
buffers=gt
cancel_download=ad
sanitize=
clear_tab=gc
only=co
close_tab=d
entry_escape=Control c
entry_confirm=Control g
entry_history_back=Control k
entry_history_forward=Control j
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_line_end=Control e
entry_delete_word=Control w
entry_delete_word_forward=Control e
entry_word_back=Control b
entry_word_forward=Control f
complete_bookmarks=Control B
complete_history=Control H
complete_path=Control p
complete_searchengines=Control S
complete_userscript=Control U
download=gd
download_set_execute=Control x
command_mode=:
execute_javascript=
eval=
execute_userscript=eu
find_backward_ic=c?
find_backward=?
find_forward_ic=c/
find_forward=/
find_next=n
find_previous=N
focus_input=gi
focus_next=J
focus_tab=T
focus_prev=K
win_hist_back=wh
tab_hist_back=th
history_back=H
win_hist_forward=wl
tab_hist_forward=tl
history_forward=L
insert_mode=i
show_keys=Sk
load_html=
load_html_tab=
lock_domain=xd
lock_uri=xu
tab_move_left=gl
tab_move_right=gr
tab_move=gm
normal_mode=Control n
open_editor=Control e
quickmark=b
tab_quickmark=B
win_quickmark=wb
start_page=Control h
web_inspector=wi
paste=pp
tab_paste=Pp
win_paste=wp
paste_primary=pP
win_paste_primary=wP
tab_paste_primary=PP
print=Control Mod1 p
protect=Control P
quit=Control q
reload_bookmarks=
reload=r
reload_bypass_cache=R
reload_quickmarks=
reload_userscripts=
save=sf
save_session=ZZ
save_named_session=gZZ
save_quickmark=m
scroll_down=j
scroll_right=l
scroll_left=h
scroll_page_down=Control f
scroll_page_up=Control b
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_bottom=G
scroll_top=gg
scroll_up=k
local_set=
set=
set_key=sk
set_local_setting=sl
set_setting=ss
show_settings=Ss
print_preview=
show_bookmarks=Sb
show_downloads=Sd
show_history=Sh
show_quickmarks=Sq
stop_loading=Control s
toggle_local_setting=
toggle_setting=
toggle_tab=Control @Tab@
toggle_plugins_host_tmp=pth
toggle_scripts_host=tsh
toggle_scripts_host_tmp=tth
toggle_scripts_uri=tsu
toggle_plugins_uri_tmp=ptu
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp=ttu
fullscreen=@F11@
toggle_hidden_files=g.
toggle_plugins_host=ph
toggle_plugins_uri=pu
presentation_mode=@F12@
proxy=Control p
visible=xv
toggle_bars=xx
toggle_statusbar=xb
toggle_tabbar=xt
undo=u
view_source=gf
dump=
yank_title=yt
yank_title_primary=yT
yank=yy
yank_primary=yY
zoom==
zoom_in=+
zoom_out=-
hints_background=;b
hints_images_background=.i
hints_url_background=.o
backopen_url=xO
backopen=xo
bookmarks=gb
hints=f
hints_clipboard=;y
hints_download=;d
hints_editable=;e
hints_images=;i
hints_links=;;
hints_primary=;Y
hints_rapid=;r
hints_url=;o
new_tab=V
new_win=W
open_url=go
open=o
hints_tab=F
hints_images_tab=;I
hints_url_tab=;O
tab_bookmarks=gB
tabopen_url=gO
tabopen=O
hints_win=wf
hints_rapid_win=;R
win_bookmarks=wB
winopen_url=wO
winopen=wo
